Update vignettes (#282)
scverse/anndataR: vignettes/anndataR.Rmd

library(SingleCellExperiment)
```

## Introduction

> **{anndataR}** allows users to work with `.h5ad` files, access various slots in the datasets and convert these files to `SingleCellExperiment` objects and `SeuratObject`s, and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**{anndataR}** allows users to work with `.h5ad` files, access various slots in the datasets and convert these files to `SingleCellExperiment` objects or `Seurat` objects, and vice versa.
```

This enables users to move data easily between the different programming languages and analysis ecosystems needed to perform single-cell data analysis.

> This package differs from [zellkonverter](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/zellkonverter.html) because it reads and writes these `.h5ad` files natively in R, and allows conversion to and from `SeuratObjects`s as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package differs from [zellkonverter](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/zellkonverter.html) because it reads and writes these `.h5ad` files natively in R, and allows conversion to and from `Seurat` objects as well.
```
